Frequent Questions (FAQs)

	

-What to do when you try to lift the docker and do not leave due to an error?
	
	This means that the ip does not match the IP of our computer or that the subnet matches.
	In order to solve it we have to enter the docker-compose.yml file and modify the gateway and subnet fields. 
	In these fields you would have to add your ip and the subnet of your ip, it can be achieved through console
	commands in your linux terminal.

-What to do when the pkcs12 file has an error?
	
	This may be because the password encryption was not generated correctly or because the password that was written
	does not match the one in the xcurrent.properties file. It can also happen that the file it generates is not 		duplicated in the corresponding folders.
	It is recommended to verify that the password, which exists in the xcurrent.properties, matches the one 
	generated when the pkcs12 jar is executed and also verify that the corresponding copies in the xcurrent-server
	and xcurrent-server / etc folders have been duplicated

-What to to when the terminal show a refused error and port is not correct and the programa has a tcp error conexion?
	
	This error may mean that the properties used to configure it are misspelled. Review the configuration of the 		xcurrent.properties. Check the fields of the url, which is well written the ip and the database. Also check the 	pg_hba.conf and postgres.conf files in the folder etc / postgres / 10 / main and that it is well configured.
			
- What to do if a pooling error in the  database connection error?
	
	In this case we must go to check two things, the first one that the configuration in the xcurrent.properties is 	correct and the next one that the connection to the database is activated.
	To check if the connection is activated, you must perform the following command in the linux console:
	'sudo systemctl status postgresql'
	To check the configuration check the following properties and verify that they match your data in the database:
	xcurrent.db.postgres.url
	xcurrent.db.postgres.user
	xcurrent.db.postgres.password
	
-What to do if the terminal shows the next message: " We run the docker compose Creating network "startingxcurrent-master4_node2" with driver "bridge" ERROR: Pool overlaps with other one on this address space"?

	This may be because the docker-compose file has not been filled in correctly.
	You must check these fields and / or modify by hand or rerun the script, for this you must delete the folder 
	and download it again.

-What to do if the Connection to 10.224.4.7:5432 is refused? Check that the hostname and port are correct and that the postmaster is accepting TCP/IP connections?

	This is because the configuration has not been loaded correctly, if it is well written but not loaded correctly.
	To solve this, you must restart the computer and execute the following command from the folder:
	'sudo docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml up'
	
-What to do if the terminal show the next message "docker.errors.apierror 500 server error internal server error ("b' driber failed programing exteneral connectivity on endpoint"?

	This is because there is possibly a container in that port lifting.
	To do this you should check, what is up in that port and to re-raise the new project you should stop the container
	and lift it again. To stop it you should use the sudo docker stop <idContainer> command

It is recommended in either case to review the configuration again and verify that in the configuration that the fields match the values of the database and your ip, if any of the previous steps were not resolved, it is recommended to restart the device and reload the docker-compose
